Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Main gates to patrol.
We have a code red
in section 7. Over.
Attention, emergency protocol
has been activated.
This is not a drill.
Please evacuate sections
3 to 9 immediately.
Attention, emergency protocol
has been activated.
This is not a drill.
Please evacuate
sections 3 to 9 immediately.
Attention, emergency protocol
has been activated.
This is not a drill.
- All right?
- Yeah.
What can I get you?
I'll have what he's having.
Paint stripper, straight up.
Yeah.
Told you.
I need your help.
I very much doubt it.
You made accusations
against our company.
I'm looking into them.
Your company is not
my fucking problem anymore.
You said it was Dr. Bouchard's.
Did she ever mention
a place called Reverie?
Fuck knows.
But...
your boss is a murderer.
And there's a witness
floating about out there.
So, I'd watch your back
if I were you.
Thanks for the drink.
Fuck.
Dad?
Hi, hi.
You all right?
Yeah, I'm all right.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm coming up.
All right...
Fuck.
Shit.
Hello.
Thank fuck for that.
Ooh, yeah. Fucking hell.
Yep.
Coming.
F...
All right?
Bought you some shopping.
Nice.
You missed a few.
Yeah, well, I didn't know
you were coming, did I?
Clearly. You need looking after.
You need looking after.
Yes, I do.
You already emptied it.
How thoughtful.
Do you want coffee?
Hey, hey.
I'm sorry.
You okay?
Yeah.
Hi, sorry, just mind
your head on the tap.
Here.
Are these your shoes?
Yeah.
Where are their clothes?
Um, in the bed.
Shoes are underneath.
Okay.
Chief, it's Denise.
Call me back, it's urgent.
Yeah, we found some
tire tracks over there.
Yeah. Right over there. Yeah.
We need to talk to you.
The car was doused in gasoline.
And the victim had two
bullet wounds in his chest.
We've confirmed time
of death as three days ago
between 18 and 2400 hours.
And eight witnesses who
saw you leaving Randy's bar
shortly before that time frame.
With a big black guy
who happened to match
the profile of the victim.
We ran the plates.
Victim's name is Roger Crouch.
A North Stream Oil employee.
His physical description
matches the guy
you were seen leaving with.
I wanna make a phone call.
Can I help you?
You filed a complaint against
one of our employees,
Monsieur Louis Gagnon?
Yeah.
Some of the families up here
didn't think much of you guys.
Why would anyone have a problem
with carbon capture?
Taking the bad stuff
and making it safe, right?
Mr. Gagnon...
was a little overeager on...
getting our community onside.
We just asked him
to ease off some.
It was all sorted out.
And how exactly did.
Monsieur Gagnon get
people onside?
There might've been some...
misunderstandings.
Is he paying you?
You accusing me of corruption?
I just asked a question.
I think you better leave.
Dangerous out here for
a rich white lady on her own.
I'll have my, deputy
escort you to the perimeter.
That won't be necessary.
Thank you.
I can arrange
my own transportation.
Must have been...
I don't remem...
No later than 6:00.
No, no, it was exactly 6:00.
I remember because
I had the radio on.
What station?
Bonjour FM.
French Canadian.
My French is shite,
but they play really good music.
Well, if it was in French,
how did you know the time?
There's a clock on the radio.
What's this about?
So, thereafter,
Chief Worth was with you
for the entire evening?
That's right, thereafter.
What did you two do?
We made love.
Actually, no, that's not...
actually accurate.
We fucked is what it was.
'Cause my husband was drunk.
Mrs. Worth, is your husband
violent when he's drunk?
You mean rough sex?
I don't mean that. I mean...
physical violence.
He could hardly walk a straight
line when he got home,
much less land a punch, so, no.
How did your husband
get home, Mrs. Worth?
He drove himself.
Is that what this is about?
About drunk driving?
I've told him...
I've told him how strict
you are about that here,
and you're right, he...
He shouldn't...
Mrs. Worth,
do you recognize that man?
No.
Should I?
What if we ask you to sign
a witness statement
to that effect,
would you do so?
A witness statement?
So, this is an investigation?
Jesus, what's happened?
How's Anna?
She misses her brother.
Yeah.
She say anything?
About what?
Ask her.
Jesus, Jim.
How are you gonna
get out of this one?
I'll think of something.
You'd better fucking had.
It should've been me.
He was only five.
He'd never hurt anyone.
Everyone loved him.
It wasn't meant for him.
What?
The bullet.
It was meant for your dad.
So?
So,
maybe you'd be better off
without him.
II can't leave him, he's my dad.
Why not?
Well, where would I go?
With me.
Shit.
Pull up a chair, handsome.
- Sneak a preview?
- Fuck off.
Something wrong?
No, love, not at all. Um...
It's just a new supplier.
It's a decent fake.
You touched down in
Vancouver three weeks ago.
First thing you do is visit
a specialist reptile outlet.
Purchase a saw scaled viper.
The weapons you acquire
the next day...
from your contacts
with the Vancouver heroin trade.
One of them is
an RCFP informant.
Likely he would
testify in court.
Now, if the Police Chief
isn't on to you already,
he soon will be,
especially if I tell him
what I just told you.
What do you want?
Don't buy guns from an informer.
What would I want guns for?
Come on, Frankie!
Up your game.
Show me
you have
what it takes
to finish
what you started.
Kill him,
or I shut you down.
You've got your own goons.
Traceable to me.
Why are you doing this?
Let's just say
the Chief and I, we...
have a score to settle.
Ever seen that man?
He worked for North Stream Oil.
Excuse me. Ever seen this man?
The fuck you staring at, girl?
What?
I don't think we should do this.
Why not?
Because I care about you.
So?
More than I've ever
cared about anyone.
That's sweet.
Private
Investigations, can I help?
Yeah.
Are you calling regarding
a new or existing case?
Existing.
Case number?
373.
- Mr. Devlin?
- That's me.
We have a DNA match.
You really gonna let him go?
No.
You all right?
Angela's lying for you.
You think?
I found this
inside the burned out car.
Wild Buffalo, it's your brand.
It's anyone's brand.
Yet, you're quite good
at this cop thing.
You're better than me anyway.
You're a bit by the book, but...
you're above average.
Nobody knows about this yet.
I need you to
tell me the truth, all of it.
Put your seat belt on.
Here, come here.
His real name
is Reginald Godswill.
How do you know that?
Well I'm not exactly,
um, a cop, Denise.
I'm more of a criminal, really.
Um...
Licensed by the state
to catch other criminals.
Like an undercover cop?
About 20 years.
Mostly hanging around
the kind of assholes
that this man associated with.
So he came here
to kill you and accidentally
killed your son?
Nah, that was a...
That was a little fellow.
He's still running around
out there somewhere.
Well...
You're gonna need that,
if you wanna find him.
Cheers.
- Afternoon, Chief.
- All right?
Do you have an appointment?
No, open up.
Alrighty, um, can I ask
the purpose of your visit?
Murder inquiry.
Gonna be searching
some of your trailers here.
Which one belongs
to Roger Crouch?
I'll just need to talk
to somebody first.
Well, you're talking
to somebody now.
Sorry, Chief,
there's protocol and all,
even with the Chief of Police.
Number 6 to number 1,
we've got a problem here.
Roger Crouch, you know him?
- Worked with him?
- No.
- Know where his trailer is?
- No, man.
Nothing? Absolutely nothing?
State your business.
Roger Crouch, works for you.
Want to search his trailer.
Warrant.
I don't need one.
Place of work, remember?
Residential accommodation,
not a workplace.
- No warrant, no search.
- Fuck it.
I'm done fighting.
Who's fighting?
I'm just trying
to find the fellow
who killed my kid, that's all.
And I could've helped you.
Well, you still could.
I could let you off
for assaulting a police officer,
if that'd help.
I could shut down
the Bouchard case.
What case?
Your witness disappeared.
And besides,
you broke into my home
and tried to strangle me,
motherfucker.
A man like you, he makes
too many enemies, Mr. Devlin.
Get out of Little Big Bear,
while you still can.
Merci.
I get it, you're still
gonna have to wait.
You know what?
Just take a seat for me,
all right? Sit down.
What were you two talking about?
The case.
You're discussing the case
with the prime suspect?
What the hell is wrong
with you, Denise?
Anyone else would be
all over this guy,
instead you're slamming
on the brakes.
You're sneaking out for some
cozy fucking têteatête.
- Têteatête...
- Stop it!
Don't cut me out. Okay, Denise?
I'm a good cop.
I don't deserve that.
I'm not cutting you out.
Then what were you two
talking about?
Chief has decided not to
make his resignation official.
He's keeping his star.
What the fuck?
I see you, you don't see me.
Guaranteed Mexican army issue.
The official Mexican army,
not some beaner dope cartel.
Yeah.
Just a gun, thanks.
No problemo.
Now, the beauty of these
is they stow in your pants
with little or no profile,
but when they do come out,
the recalcitrant patron,
immediately gets the message.
III don't need
to scare any drunks.
I just need something
I can use once and,
the job's done.
The job you have
in mind being...
Stop something dead.
Like a bear.
We are attuned, friend.
I have exactly
what you're looking for.
The Desert Eagle.
Classic for a reason.
Gas operated,
.357 magnum rounds.
Put down any person, or, bear,
you're ever gonna run into.
Feel the feel.
Yeah.
How much?
550.
Comp me in next Saturday night,
the wet tshirt shindig, and
I'll throw in these pups
for 700.
Bears come out at night, right?
Gagnon.
Yeah.
She's here.
Letendre?
With some lady
from North Stream.
What?
Yeah, she came sniffing
around my office this afternoon.
Asking questions.
About you.
Keep her there.
There was no wind that night.
CO2 from one of your pipelines
seeped out through a crack.
It came in our place.
It started downstairs,
my kids' room.
I thought they were sleeping!
They were dead.
I found Dr. Bouchard's report.
She was discredited because
no one from your community
came forward to corroborate it.
Why?
We signed NDAs.
Some of us took money and...
some of us were intimidated,
but not me.
Is the man who paid them
named Louis Gagnon?
Yeah.
I can help you.
Yeah, that's what
Dr. Bouchard said too.
Just another fucking mighty
white woman coming along
trying to save
the Indian squaw, is that it?
That's it...
All I need you to do is sign
some sort of testimony.
Yeah, right.
And I end up like Suzy.
What happened to Suzy?
You can't fucking
come here all...
dressed all fucking fancy
like that
and suck the oil from my land
and fucking poison my kids
and then expect me to trust you.
Fuck that.
Why are you talking to me
if you don't trust me?
I don't know.
You got kids?
Two.
Maybe that's why.
Is there another way
off this reserve?
Yeah, m...
My brotherinlaw's place
backs onto the highway.
Does he have a car?
Why?
I've put you in danger
being here.
You need to come with me.
Don't fucking tell me
what to do.
I ain't fucking doing
anything you tell me to do.
Fuck that.
You're the only good thing
that's happened to me
since Petey died.
Get dressed.
What?
I'm taking you home.
No, I don't wanna go home.
Home's shit.
I wanna be here with you.
Well, that's not
going to happen.
We're done here.
What?
It was your first time,
weren't it?
Sounded like it.
Crying like a fucking baby.
It was fucking offputting.
Clean yourself up, we're going.
Organized crime?
- You said this was North Stream.
- Yeah, I did.
You publicly denounced them.
I mean, that's what it says.
Right?
I mean, I could've been right,
I could've been wrong.
So, the police were right?
This is a local biker thing?
He's English.
So what?
I think it's got something
to do with Jack.
What?
Fucker.
So our son died because...
of something you did?
It was your first time too,
wasn't it?
Wasn't me crying like a baby,
it was you.
Nothing you can do
will ever hurt me.
You were a mistake.
You really think
this is a good idea?
He gets things done.
If I killed our son,
if I fucking killed our son,
do you really think it's a good
idea to bring Jack here?
What choice do we have?
Fuck it.
You've come undone.
Everything okay?
What's he gonna do?
Come inside.
Evening, Mr. Worth.
Were you gentle?
I don't know what you mean.
When you fucked my daughter,
were you gentle?
Come on, come inside.
Main gates to patrol.
Attention, emergency protocol
has been activated.
This is not a drill.
Please evacuate sections
3 to 9 immediately.
Attention, emergency protocol
has been activated.
This is not a drill.
Please evacuate sections
3 to 9 immediately.
Attention, emergency protocol
has been activated.
This is not a drill.
Please evacuate sections
3 to 9 immediately.
Attention, emergency protocol
has been activated.
This is not a drill.
Please evacuate
sections 3 to 9 immediately.
Attention, emergency protocol
has been activated.
This is not a drill.
Please evacuate sections
3 to 9 immediately.
Attention, emergency protocol
has been activated.
This is not a drill.
Please evacuate sections
3 to 9 immediately.
Attention, emergency protocol
has been activated.
This is not a drill.
Please evacuate sections
3 to 9 immediately.
Attention, emergency protocol
has been activated.
This is not a drill...
Why would a fellow
sent over here to kill me
need to dress up as a biker?
Maybe the North Stream robbery,
it was a setup?
Three guys who shot me
dressed up as bikers,
robbed the truck
to try and get a shot at you?
I need to know if this bullet
matches the bullet
that was fired into my house.
Put the gun down, you tit.
Now, you might need that.
Whoa, whoa,
what the fuck's going on?
Okay, relax.
Look at our fucking bikes.
What bikes?
Let's go. Let's go.
You know him?
Guess so.
Customer, maybe. Why?
British fellow,
came here to kill me.
Got two mates.
Heard anything?
No, I'll ask around, Chief.
I'm gonna ask you a question,
and I want a straight answer.
Go on.
That debt of honor
that you came here to settle
doesn't have anything to do
with the Chief of Police,
does it?
Who's asking?
The Chief of Police.
What exactly is he asking you?
He said that three Brits
had come here to kill him.
He asked me
if I'd heard anything.
Holy fuck, Frank!
His real name is Jack Devlin.
He doesn't know me from Adam,
but he soon will.
Jesus Christ, you said
you had a loose end to tie up,
did that mean killing
the goddamn chief of police?
I haven't got any choice, love.
Frank, listen to me.
I don't know what
your debt of honor is,
and right now
I don't give a shit.
And I'm telling you,
that man would sooner kill you
than give you
the time of the day.
I know this.
Walk.
Walk?
I'll cover for you.
I'll buy you time.
Walk out the back door,
then keep walking
and don't turn back.
And leave you in the lurch?
No, I will join you.
Yeah? And what about this place?
This is bricks
and mortar, Frank.
I'd rather lose this place
than lose you.
No, I am not running!
And that fucker has shat
on my dreams once before.
I am not gonna let him
do it again. Do you hear me?
I will take care of it.
For us.
And then we'll be free.
Let me just go out there
and put him off the scent.
Please, Frank, please.
No, you're not gonna do
my dirty work.
I'm gonna damn well try.
You, fucking walk.
Nothing happens in this town
I don't find out
about sooner or later.
If I get wind of anything,
I'll let you know.
Good. 'Cause...
the men who tried to kill me,
they fucked it up.
They killed my boy instead.
He was only five.
Five and half,
if you're counting.
Is there something
you want to tell me?
No.
I just...
Like I said, I'll ask around.
Who's your new friend?
He's, the new partner.
He's a backer, actually.
II still run this place.
Mind if I talk to him?
No, I'll go get him for you.
That's all right, I've got it.
Wait, no, you can't
go back there.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org